Create index.md (#2032)
github/explore: topics/ui-design/index.md

---
aliases: user-interface-design, ui-design
display_name: User interface

> short_description: A user interface (UI) is the space where interactions between humans and machines occur.
> topic: ui-design
> wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_interface

Reviewer: Let's make sure these are targeting UI design as well:
```suggestion
short_description: The design of user interfaces for machines and software with the focus on maximizing usability and the user experience.
topic: ui-design
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_interface_design
```
